# Meeting Minutes - 28/02

Location: DWPC1
Date: 21/02/23
Time: 15:45 - 16:30
Attendees: Daniel (Chair), Alexander (Minute-taker) Eve, Kars, Karsten, Daniel, Klara,
Maria (TA)

## Agenda items

### Opening by Chairperson

No minutes.

### Announcements

- Git conflicts : make sure to make a separate branch

- Kars : add name to readme

- Join discord server

### Approval of the agenda

Approved

### Git and SSH Keys

See after meeting

### Backlog

- Resume TA Feedback

- Need to add admin to the backlog

- Went over epics :
  
  - MVP
  
  - Card features
  
  - Password protected boards
  
  - Administration
  
  - Multiple boards
  
  - Keyboard shortcuts
  
  - Board customization
  
  - Tags

- Go over Q&A slides - every point of should & could requirements should be an epic

### Project set-up

No minutes - see meeting on Friday

### Summary action points

- Daniel : go over epics (descriptions, ...)

- Alexander : check epics

- Everyone : set up git, ssh keys, project

### Feedback round

- Communication was mostly good

- Everyone should contribute to the meeting

- The minute taker should send a list of documents to read before the meeting
