# Meeting


#### Meeting Organization

**Chair**: Karsten van der Deijl

**Minute taker**: Daniel Langov


Mark: Pass

Feedback: The meeting had a chair and a minute taker, chosen before its start.

#### Agenda 

Mark: Sufficient

Feedback: The agenda was not pushed to the repository in time. However, it was shared at the start, and follows the official format. Each topic had a clear description, but the time estimates were not accurate, and so the agenda was not fully followed. 

#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker


Mark: Very Good


Feedback: The notes follow the agenda of the meeting, they are clear, concise and note the concrete agreements, tasks and feedback points. However, not all agreements are completely actionable (for example: "*go over epics (descriptions, ...)*"). Since these are the most important results of meetings, they should be described with the most detail.


#### Chair performance

Mark: Good


Feedback: The chair ensured that all topics of the agenda were covered for an appropriate amount of time. However, he did not moderate the meeting at all points. 


#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Very Good


Feedback: The team assumed ownership of the meeting, and all members were involved. Overall, the atmosphere was friendly and constructive, but the speaking distribution is still unequal, and members who spoke less should be aware of this and try to take more initiative in future meetings.


#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Sufficient


Feedback: The team presented some progress from last week. They have started implementing some basic features of the application, and as long as they strongly focus on development in the next 1-2 weeks, are on good track to create a working application. However, none of the presented changes were merged into main. Members are strongly recommended to check the code contribution rubric (as well as the provided feedback) in order to better understand what is expected from them. 

Note that even though I marked this section as sufficient, for future meetings, this amount of contribution would definitely be marked as insufficient, since not all team members contributed, nothing was merged to main, there was no usage of GitLab for task distribution and so on. But for now, I appreciated both the fact that concrete tasks were assigned using GitLab, and that part of the team had the initiative to do some extra work which could be presented.
