# Meeting

#### Meeting Organization


Were there a chair and a minute taker? Every students needs to hold each role at least once in the course.


Chair: Kars de Jong

Minute taker: Karsten van der Deijl


Mark: Pass


#### Agenda 


Mark: Sufficient


Feedback: 
- The agenda was added to the repository on time and shared with the team in advance.

- It follows the template.

- Not all points were clear ("Discuss what we will do about project leader?").

- The agenda contains parts from the previous one (user stories which were used for deciding on the next tasks). Try to keep only relevant information in the agenda.



#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker


Mark: Very Good

Feedback:
- The notes have been merged into the agenda file.
- The notes are clear and comprehensive.
- The agreements are realistic.

#### Chair performance


Mark: Sufficient


Feedback: 
- The chair ensured that all topics of the agenda were covered.
- However, for most of the topics, other team members moderated the discussion.



#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Insufficient

Feedback:
- The atmosphere in the group is often passive agressive.
- There are issues being brought up about the quality of communication in the group, but at the same time feedback is given by directly calling out members of the group. 
- When someone makes a mistake, even though it might be severe, it would be good to shift the focus from what they have done wrong to finding a middle ground and making agreements so that this does not happen again. 
- Of course it's different when someone repeatedly makes the same mistake and does not adjust to the given feedback. But in general, when team members are criticised without a follow up in which the team agrees on a plan for improvement, this shows that there are problems with the way the team interacts and collaborates.



#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Good

Feedback: 
- The team presented the current state of their application.
- There was progress compared to last week.
- The team is on track to create a working application, **as long as they accelerate the work rate** (as discussed in the meeting).

