# Code Contributions and Code Reviews

#### Focused Commits

Grade: Good


Feedback: 
- The repository has a good amount of commits.

- There are a few commits which contain multiple, independent changes: 5d662d6b, 34c3837f, 5d9a4947. Every meaningful change should have its own commit!

- There are 3 commits with the same ambiguous name ("Apply 1 suggestion(s) to 1 file(s)" - 9526c294, ef126831, a07104d2). Why not just name the suggestion you are applying?

- Please respect the commit naming conventions: present tense instead of past.



#### Isolation


Grade: Very Good


Feedback: 
- Individual features are isolated into their own branches. Good job!

- MR's are focused on specific purposes and don't have too large scopes.

#### Reviewability


Grade: Sufficient


Feedback: 
- The focus of MR's is clear from the title.

- MR's don't have detailed descriptions. Example: !12 is described as "Created a functioning board backend". What are the functionalities? In general, each description should answer questions such as: How did you change what you changed in each file? What should the team members know when reviewing your contribution, and how should they test it? Did you make some important decisions that need to be considered in the future? What still needs to be done?

- It would be useful if you related the MR's to the issues they are closing, and even to user stories. Bonus points if you have acceptance criteria for issues, which can be compared against your implementation.

- Not too much time passes from the moment a MR is created to the moment it's approved. This is really good!

- The changes in each commit relate to each other.


#### Code Reviews


Grade: Very Good


Feedback:
- MR's don't stay open for too long. Most of them have quite thorough reviews which lead to iterative improvements.

- Some suggestions could be a bit more specific: for example "It can be refactored" on !11.

- All suggestions should be taken into account by the author: either they implement the changes or they explain why they are not necessary (and get the reviewer to agree!).



#### Build Server

Grade: Sufficient

Feedback: 
- The commits are pushed frequently.
- The average pipeline duration is reasonable (under 2 minutes).
- Failing builds are fixed directly.
- The checkstyle document on main is blank! Please select at least 10 checkstyle rules.
