
# Week 2

- **Chair**:  Alexander Nitters
- **Notetaker**: Klara Hirmanova


#### Meeting Organization
 
The meeting had a chair and a minute taker, and this was established before the meeting.
Mark: Pass

#### Agenda 

Good. The agenda was sent early and its format was correct. The names were not included, however, nor who was responsible for which role. The timestamps were also not updated.

#### Chair performance

Good. The chair moderated the discussion so that every topic can be covered.

#### Time management

Good. There was enough time for every topic. However, it happened a few times that a topic was discussed for slightly more than was allocated. While this is understandable, I suggest that future chairs always consider the trade-off between continuing a topic that has run out of allocated time or delegating its completion to another moment / a member responsible for finalising it.

#### Minute taker performance


Good. The minutes contain a summary of the conversation, as well as all of the decisions and assigned tasks.

#### Relation

Sufficient. Everyone spoke during the meeting, but most of the initiative was taken by the chair. There were moments when the dialogue turned into a monologue, and the rest of the team struggled to hear the chair because of the noise in the room. In the future, situations like this can lead to loss of information, poor communication and more time spent in meetings because of misunderstandings. I would suggest that the chair frequently check in with the rest of the group to make sure that certain points have been accurately passed along, and that everyone is on the same page. Also, when someone notices that they have been speaking for more than the others, they can ask open questions so that the other members can offer their input as well.
On the other hand, team members treated each other with respect and consideration. All contributions were listened to.
