# Meeting

#### Meeting Organization

Chair: Daniel Langov
Minute taker: Alexander Nitters

Mark: Pass

Feedback: There were a chair and a minute taker, elected before the meeting.

#### Agenda 

Mark: Good

Feedback: The agenda was posted before the meeting, and followed the official format. However, action points were not explained very clearly (for example, "Git and SSH Key - Discuss and configure"). In the future, it would help the meeting a lot if for every agenda item, there was a meaningful title and a helpful description from which it is clear what team members can expect from the discussion, how they can prepare and when its purpose has been achieved. Also, please allocate time for a demo of the application as soon as there is something to present.

#### Performance of the *Previous* Minute Taker

Please refer to docs > feedback > week-02 for the feedback on the performance of the minute taker of that week.

#### Chair performance

Mark: Good

Feedback: The chair did not accurately estimate for how long each topic should be considered. As a result the agenda was not followed for the entire duration of the meeting, but all of its topics were still covered.

However, there were visible efforts to moderate the meeting so that each topic is discussed for an appropriate amount of time (for example, realizing that something has been discussed for too long and offering an alternative strategy so that it can be finalised and the next item can be brought up). In the future, chairs can invest more time in the agenda and collect more opinions on what are the next steps for the team, as well as what agreements need to be made for those steps to be feasible.

#### Attitude & Relation

Mark: Good

Feedback: When discussing epics, the conversation was mostly carried out by a subset of the team, with the rest being almost completely quiet. There were also portions of the meeting when everyone was working in silence, with no oral consensus or requests for feedback. The combination of these can prove ineffective for the team, resulting in poor communication and lack of help for decisions. In this particular instance, it might have been partly caused by the late handing in of the feedback files, but the fact remains that these documents were uploaded before the start of the lab. If this situation appears again (which I will do my best to ensure does not happen), team members should still use at least the lab time before their meeting to go over feedback files.

At the end of the meeting, the tone of the conversation was slightly confrontational. Team members should make sure this does not happen again in future meetings. While it is true that some members contributed less, and it is their responsibility to take on more initiative for the next meetings, their teammates should keep a constructive and calm atmosphere.

The team took ownership of the meeting, and most of its members were active and involved. The reaction to opinions, ideas and comments was positive.

#### Potentially Shippable Product

Mark: Insufficient

Feedback: There was no presentation of the current state of the application, and no implemented features were merged into main. In order for the team to be on track to create a working application, they are strongly recommended to consider getting started on the development process.
